# Senario

Our friend Paul Sebastian wants to automate his new two storey house. Paul is a successful investment banker who just got married. The newly wed couple want to convert their home to a completely automated smart home with maximum comfort and security. The couple loves style & luxury and thus have asked us to come up with the best products for them without having any constraints in the budget. Paul want us to manage the whole installation process and want to be disturbed only when it's all done. 

There are some specific functions which he would like to include: automatic garage door, so he could open it within an app , smart lock for his main door, lighting system for the each area of the house, automatic blinders (windows) for the common area. The temperature over the house should be modified/control from the master bedroom. Smart TV should be in the living and activity room. In a laundry room he would like to have a smart washing machine. The grill desk outside should be able to turn on over a mobile app. All house should be equipped with smoke detection sensors. He wants smart cameras near each door to control the people who get inside. Paul wants to be able to heat/cool down the water in a swimming pool. Outside lighting should detect the movement and turn on automatically, plants should be watered automatically each day at the same time. The kitchen should have a smart oven (indicate if something is staying on it and only then turn on/off, the oven also indicate and inform the owner how long it will take to finish the meal cooking). In a walk in closet should have a smart system which his wife could set up the theme, for example party or office, and the system should provide her with the section of closet which is suitable under the stayed category.  Smart tablet which will be able to inform him about important events and alarm about them in advance on his devices (mobile, smart watch) before. In a study room he wants a "study mode" when all notifications are disabled on all your devices and nothing disturb him. Cleaning should be provided by robots and could be time tabled over the common app. 
